Although I saw Xiaobao for the first time
But he thought he was inexplicable
Look how much you look like me
Should be lost
Dad is great, Xiaobao also has a dad
Although it was an accident 5 years ago
But I'm really sorry for you
If Xiaobao were really my child
I'll send him back to the enemy.
As for the debt to you
No compensation
Except for marriage
I can promise you anything
Mr. Yan, I think you misunderstood me
I'm not the kind of person who wants to trade children
Woman of interest
I just want to give Xiaobao a complete home
Since you can't afford it
Then pretend I haven't been here
Boy we're home
Go home, dad, I can come see you later
You useless little building
Can't even keep your dad
If I don't marry into the Yan family
You just wait to be sent back to the orphanage
Mom, don't lose me
I'll bring you to see Dad again tomorrow
Then my mother will convince him to marry me
Do you know?
That's my boy.
The prize money of the stone blue competition has finally arrived.
I'm going to start a studio with this money
Mr. Yan's parent-child report is out
Xiaobao is the child of you and Gu Siya
If the woman 5 years ago was really Gu Siya
How can I explain to my relatives?
17 leaves 17
What? What's wrong with you?
What's on your mind?